Update Docs for native-image Commons Logging (#10474)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/writing-native-applications-tips.adoc

====
For more information about Proxy Classes you can read https://github.com/oracle/graal/blob/master/substratevm/DYNAMIC_PROXY.md[the GraalVM documentation].
====

=== Logging with Native Image

> If you are using dependencies that require `Apache Commons Logging` and experience a `ClassNotFoundException` when building the native-image, you can resolve this by adding the `JBoss Loggging` implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using dependencies that require `Apache Commons Logging` and are experiencing a `ClassNotFoundException` when building the native-image, you can resolve this by adding the corresponding `JBoss Loggging` implementation.
```
